There was something I always remembered watching my mother's hands as she carefully prepared
the bread for the memorial of Christ's death. She took it very seriously because of a special
meaning on the night before his death. Jesus told his disciples, this bread means my body.
After the bread and wine were passed around, Jesus said to them,
keep doing this and remembrance of me. To this day, that's what we do.
Shari, can you bring me the flower, please? Thank you. It was a simple mixture, really.
Do you remember what comes next? Water? That is right. Can you ever add anything else?
No, it is very important that the bread is made in the same way as it was in Jesus' day.
Just wheat, flour and water. That is all. But what if people do not have wheat flour?
Well, the bread can still be made with flour made from rice, barley, corn or a similar grain,
but nothing should be added besides the flour and the water. No yeast.
Not even salt. Not even salt. Remember what Jesus said in Luke 1610?
The person faithful in what is least is faithful also in, in much. That is right.
And we want to be faithful to Jehovah in all things. Right?
After mixing, she would need the dough and the dust would rise and fall as she worked.
Then she'd let me roll it up.
Then it would be placed on a lightly oiled pan for baking. When it was done,
it didn't look like the kind of bread you would night typically see.
It was rather plain looking, dry and cracker-like. It easily broke apart.
It was perfect. And we proudly brought it to the Kingdom Hall for the observance.
I happily remember those moments as I now prepare the bread for the memorial this year.
But even more importantly, when I think of what Jesus did for each of us,
it is a wonderful privilege to have a small contribution on this most important night of the year.